# Scientific Computing with Python (Beta)
Python is one of the most popular, flexible programming languages today. You can use it for everything from basic scripting to machine learning.
In the Scientific Computing with Python Certification, you'll learn Python fundamentals like variables, loops, conditionals, and functions. Then you'll quickly ramp up to complex data structures, networking, relational databases, and data visualization.
1. cipher_generator.py - In this project, you'll learn fundamental programming concepts in Python, such as variables, functions, loops, and conditional statements.
2. luhn_algorithm.py - The Luhn Algorithm is widely used for error-checking in various applications, such as verifying credit card numbers.By building this project, you'll gain experience working with numerical computations and string manipulation.
3. lambda.py - Lambda functions give you a concise way to write small, throwaway functions in your code.In this project, you'll explore the power of Lambda Functions by creating an expense tracker. Your resulting app will demonstrate how you can use Lambda Functions for efficient, streamlined operations.
4. list_comprehension.py - List Comprehension is a way to construct a new Python list from an iterable types: lists, tuples, and strings. All without using a for loop or the `.append()` list method.In this project, you'll write a program that takes a string formatted in Camel Case or Pascal Case, then converts it into Snake Case.The project has two phases: first you'll use a for loop to implement the program. Then you'll learn how to use List Comprehension instead of a loop to achieve the same results.
5. password_generator.py - A Python module is a file that contains a set of statements and definitions that you can use in your code. In this project, you'll learn how to import modules from the Python standard library. You'll also learn how to use Regular Expressions by building your own password generator program.
6. shortest_path.py - Algorithms are step-by-step procedures that developers use to perform calculations and solve computational problems.In this project, you'll learn how to use functions, loops, conditional statements, and dictionary comprehensions to implement a Shortest Path algorithm.
7. tower_of_hanoi.py - Recursion is a programming approach that allows you to solve complicated computational problems with just a little code. In this project, you'll start with a loop-based approach to solving the tower of Hanoi mathematical puzzle. Then you'll learn how to implement a recursive solution.
8. merge_sort_algorithm.py - The Merge Sort Algorithm is a sorting algorithm based on the divide and conquer principle. In this project, you'll learn how to interact with data structures by sorting a list of random numbers using the Merge Sort Algorithm.
